---
layout: post-layout.njk
title: Practicing web development, end of August 2021
date: 2021-08-26
---

## {{ title }}

I'm taking a moment this afternoon to remind myself what I'm hoping to do as the month comes to a close. I'm on the balcony of a friend's apartment, watching her dog while she is at work. It's a quiet moment in a new environment, which is a rare and valuable oppertunity. The dog is a stocky pitbull terrier mix, and he's dozing on a mat in the shade.

**I hope to do my book learning**. There's the exercises from Advanced Layouts, and there's the book CSS Secrets by Lea Verou. I did the Advanced Layouts warm ups: made the blocks span the right number of columns with a flex layout and a grid layout. For the grid layout I used the grid-template-areas sytax and the grid-template-columns syntax. There's a third grid syntax, too, but I've forgotten! Grid something-something.

CSS Secrets has been on my computer forever. I mentioned it to Jacquie once, that's how long it's been, but I've still not read it. It looks like a classic.

**I hope to practice on my own**. I have three websites now and they all need to be worked on badly! Only postsandprograms.com is looking half-decent, and it's more like a twelth. This isn't the document to plan out everything I'd like to do with them, this is just to say it needs to be done!

I think that's enough said on the topic. A quick break and then I'll get started!

---

Examples from the preface:

[Relative units, relational values that scale better, making everything based off one primary color](/Users/donaldbrower/git/practice-problems/css-secrets/2/index.html)
