---
tags: post
layout: post-layout.njk
title: Some information about what I did at tab32.
date: 2022-05-08
description: Here is a shortened description of what i did when i worked at the company tab32...  if your business is trying to accomplish similar data migration work for their applications, you can reach out to me.  donny@donny-b.com
---

## {{ title }}

Some information about what I did at tab32.

here is a shortened description of what i did when i worked at the company tab32...  if your business is trying to accomplish similar data migration work for their applications, you can reach out to me.  donny@donny-b.com

i started out as a technical support intern..  i sat in front of a zendesk station, and answered phones.  for the two apps that the company had, i’d respond to it’s users various issues. the main cause for someone to call support were for reasons to do with connecting and configuring radiography equipment to the x-ray imaging app, and i became the point person for supporting users using x-rays.  

on the charting/back-office/communication platform, i worked on the data migration services, for the onboarding team.  this was considered a software development position, since more than half the time was spent writing code, but it also involved working with new clinics/users when they’d first be starting out on the software…  onboarding officially started after the data migrations were completed, and smooth transitions required accurate migrations for over a dozen versions of competing software platforms… 

there was an algorithm built before i started working there, called t32import. it worked with two versions.  i expanded t32import to work with several other paltforms, and more efficiently, by changing and adding to code.  it was a node JS service that was run against our own mongo databases and datasets that would be gathered by custom extraction scripts, developed for the said over 12 platforms.  An Extract-Transfer-Load process through and through.  final deployments happened in GCloud and using GCloud tooling. 

